README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://enjoytown.netlify.app">
Enjoytown
</a>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007acc.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=%23ffffff"/></a>
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/shadcn/UI-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=shadcnui&logoColor=black"/></a>
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nextjs-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23083d4f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify"/></a>
</p>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://enjoytown.netlify.app" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://github.com/avalynndev/enjoytown/blob/main/public/android-chrome-512x512.png?raw=true" alt="Logo" width="200"/>
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
<a  href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kB_qcHYWW0U" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/avalynndev/enjoytown/main/public/DEPLOY.png" alt="Logo" width="300"/>
</a>
</p>

## What is Enjoytown?

Welcome to **Enjoytown** the one stop for all your streaming desires! Explore **[enjoytown.netlify.app](https://enjoytown.netlify.app)** and dive into the world of movies, drama and anime.

Enjoy your favorite movies, drama and anime with English subs or dubs, and here's the kicker - no sign-up required!

## Images

<div style="text-align: left;">
  <img src="https://api.microlink.io/?url=https://enjoytown.netlify.app&screenshot=true&meta=false&embed=screenshot.url&type=jpeg&overlay.browser=dark&overlay.background=linear-gradient%28225deg%2C+%23FF057C+0%25%2C+%238D0B93+50%25%2C+%23321575+100%25%29" alt="Home Page" style="max-width: 70%;" >
  <details>
  <summary>Screenshots [View More]</summary>
  <br>
  <img src="https://api.microlink.io/?url=https://enjoytown.netlify.app/kdrama&screenshot=true&meta=false&embed=screenshot.url&waitForTimeout=3500&type=jpeg&overlay.browser=dark&overlay.background=linear-gradient%28225deg%2C+%23FF057C+0%25%2C+%238D0B93+50%25%2C+%23321575+100%25%29" alt="K Drama" style="max-width: 70%;">
  <img src="https://api.microlink.io/?url=https://enjoytown.netlify.app/movie&screenshot=true&meta=false&embed=screenshot.url&waitForTimeout=4510&type=jpeg&overlay.browser=dark&overlay.background=linear-gradient%28225deg%2C+%23FF057C+0%25%2C+%238D0B93+50%25%2C+%23321575+100%25%29" alt="Movie" style="max-width: 70%;">
    <img src="https://api.microlink.io/?url=https://enjoytown.netlify.app/anime&screenshot=true&meta=false&embed=screenshot.url&waitForTimeout=3510&type=jpeg&overlay.browser=dark&overlay.background=linear-gradient%28225deg%2C+%23FF057C+0%25%2C+%238D0B93+50%25%2C+%23321575+100%25%29" alt="Anime" style="max-width: 70%;">
  </details>
</div>

## Installation 🛠️

### 1. Clone this repository using

```bash
git clone https://github.com/avalynndev/enjoytown.git
```

```bash
cd enjoytown
```

### 2. Installation

### Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### Go to the 'config` folder and edit the values as per your requirement or leave them as it is
Add a ENV FILE with:
```env
DOWNLOAD_API_URL=https://v1.api.ani.rohi.dev/api/dramacool
CONSUMET_API_URL=https://consumet_api_url (dont end with slash)
CONSUMET_API_ANILIST_URL=https://consumet_api_url/meta/anilist (MENTION meta/anilist)
```

### 3. Run on development &/or production

- Run on development mode

```bash
npm run dev
```

- Run on production mode

```bash
npm start
```

> Deploy **your own Enjoytown** Instance on Vercel

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Favalynndev%2Fenjoytown&env=DOWNLOAD_API_URL,CONSUMET_API_URL,CONSUMET_API_ANILIST_URL)


## Found a Bug? 🐞

Uh-oh, looks like you stumbled upon a bug? No worries, we're here to squash it! Just head over to our [**issues**](https://github.com/avalynndev/enjoytown/issues) section on GitHub and let us know what's up.

## Contributors 🤲

<img height="50" src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=avalynndev/enjoytown" />

#### Want to Help Out?

Feel free to contribute to this project! Whether you're an experienced developer or have been in the field for a while, your help is valuable.


[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=avalynndev/enjoytown&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/embed?secret=#avalynndev/enjoytown&Date)

Commit message:

feat: add instructions for custom consumet api and goodproxy

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://enjoytown.netlify.app">
Enjoytown
</a>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007acc.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=%23ffffff"/></a>
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/shadcn/UI-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=shadcnui&logoColor=black"/></a>
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nextjs-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23083d4f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify"/></a>
</p>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://enjoytown.netlify.app" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://github.com/avalynndev/enjoytown/blob/main/public/android-chrome-512x512.png?raw=true" alt="Logo" width="200"/>
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
<a  href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kB_qcHYWW0U" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/avalynndev/enjoytown/main/public/DEPLOY.png" alt="Logo" width="300"/>
</a>
</p>

## What is Enjoytown?

Welcome to **Enjoytown** the one stop for all your streaming desires! Explore **[enjoytown.netlify.app](https://enjoytown.netlify.app)** and dive into the world of movies, drama and anime.

Enjoy your favorite movies, drama and anime with English subs or dubs, and here's the kicker - no sign-up required!

## Images

<div style="text-align: left;">
  <img src="https://api.microlink.io/?url=https://enjoytown.netlify.app&screenshot=true&meta=false&embed=screenshot.url&type=jpeg&overlay.browser=dark&overlay.background=linear-gradient%28225deg%2C+%23FF057C+0%25%2C+%238D0B93+50%25%2C+%23321575+100%25%29" alt="Home Page" style="max-width: 70%;" >
  <details>
  <summary>Screenshots [View More]</summary>
  <br>
  <img src="https://api.microlink.io/?url=https://enjoytown.netlify.app/kdrama&screenshot=true&meta=false&embed=screenshot.url&waitForTimeout=3500&type=jpeg&overlay.browser=dark&overlay.background=linear-gradient%28225deg%2C+%23FF057C+0%25%2C+%238D0B93+50%25%2C+%23321575+100%25%29" alt="K Drama" style="max-width: 70%;">
  <img src="https://api.microlink.io/?url=https://enjoytown.netlify.app/movie&screenshot=true&meta=false&embed=screenshot.url&waitForTimeout=4510&type=jpeg&overlay.browser=dark&overlay.background=linear-gradient%28225deg%2C+%23FF057C+0%25%2C+%238D0B93+50%25%2C+%23321575+100%25%29" alt="Movie" style="max-width: 70%;">
    <img src="https://api.microlink.io/?url=https://enjoytown.netlify.app/anime&screenshot=true&meta=false&embed=screenshot.url&waitForTimeout=3510&type=jpeg&overlay.browser=dark&overlay.background=linear-gradient%28225deg%2C+%23FF057C+0%25%2C+%238D0B93+50%25%2C+%23321575+100%25%29" alt="Anime" style="max-width: 70%;">
  </details>
</div>

## Installation 🛠️

### 1. Clone this repository using

```bash
git clone https://github.com/avalynndev/enjoytown.git
```

```bash
cd enjoytown
```

### 2. Installation

### Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### Go to the 'config` folder and edit the values as per your requirement or leave them as it is
Add a ENV FILE with:
```env
DOWNLOAD_API_URL=https://v1.api.ani.rohi.dev/api/dramacool
CONSUMET_API_URL=https://consumet_api_url (deploy your own with the instructions below, dont end with slash)
CONSUMET_API_ANILIST_URL=https://consumet_api_url/meta/anilist (MENTION meta/anilist)
GOOD_PROXY_URL=https://sup-proxy.zephex0-f6c.workers.dev (deploy your own with the instructions below, dont end with slash)
```

<a href="https://github.com/avalynndev/animetize-api">Deploy your own Consumet API</a>

<a href="https://github.com/real-zephex/Good-Proxy">Deploy your own GoodProxy</a>

### 3. Run on development &/or production

- Run on development mode

```bash
npm run dev
```

- Run on production mode

```bash
npm start
```

> Deploy **your own Enjoytown** Instance on Vercel

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Favalynndev%2Fenjoytown&env=DOWNLOAD_API_URL,CONSUMET_API_URL,CONSUMET_API_ANILIST_URL,GOOD_PROXY_URL)


## Found a Bug? 🐞

Uh-oh, looks like you stumbled upon a bug? No worries, we're here to squash it! Just head over to our [**issues**](https://github.com/avalynndev/enjoytown/issues) section on GitHub and let us know what's up.

## Contributors 🤲

<img height="50" src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=avalynndev/enjoytown" />

#### Want to Help Out?

Feel free to contribute to this project! Whether you're an experienced developer or have been in the field for a while, your help is valuable.


[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=avalynndev/enjoytown&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/embed?secret=#avalynndev/enjoytown&Date)
